"---Blogs & Feeds---"
https://coffeeadastra.com/feed/
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml "~Luke Smith"
https://videos.lukesmith.xyz/feeds/videos.xml?accountId=3 "~Unaboomer Peertube"
https://archlinux.org/feeds/news/
https://lists.archlinux.org/archives/list/arch-dev-public@lists.archlinux.org/feed/
" "
"---Videos---"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsrKsXEAqCbZyVrCibkgpwQ # 9-Hole Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3QjBcBCtS4I-OWKpTBBFWA # Administrative Results
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsE_m2z1NrvF2ImeNWh84mw # ActiveSelfProection
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNJuJfXCKNWu4-VifYixs8A # Aquarium Co-Op
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzkjgi_ssPh82uiro89uvNA # Asu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChWv6Pn_zP0rI6lgGt3MyfA # AvE
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@AwakenWithJP:9 "~AwakenWithJP" # AwakenWithJP
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVReZPI8OhHiSNrnC1CcgJA # bje142
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCILl8ozWuxnFYXIe2svjHhg # BPS.space
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcwLVJ0hC4YnSfMRlolkVDw # Boy Harsher
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCloY8U8fMVfKp39FCqyCFVw # Brass Facts
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@BrodieRobertson:5 "~Brodie Robertson"              # Brodie Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi8XrDg1bK_MJ0goOnbpTMQ # budlabs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx1dcBo2yy54B9OQqdiSXQg # C_DOES
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCru5avTyBh7CiCbvMCHmc4A # Cemetery Confessions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrPUg54jUy1T_wII9jgdRbg # Chris Ramsay
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh8f8vssLddD2PbnU3Ag_Bw # Cleetus McFarland
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsT0nN2bLAiOYM504irz6QA # Clive Coffee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu6mSoMNzHQiBIOCkHUa2Aw # CodysLab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCKkuXux09y-TCg-BQxCjNA # CodeBlueCam
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpXBGqwsBkpvcYjsJBQ7LEQ # Critical Role
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVHOgH4XEyYx-ZEaya1XqCQ # Cryo Chamber
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUQo7nzH1sXVpzL92VesANw # DIY Perks
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPhVv8K3Z1t8e-EHb-FsnMQ # DJ ISAAC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfcVy69dd3v1-R1QkXh_8Eg # Delta Notch
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@DistroTube:2 # DistroTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwkm_Wcyh0pc7UUmZZfL-6w # Donut Operator
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHb-gPG8N_G1PF3S8RlWLDQ # Donut Raw Police Footage
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClqhvGmHcvWL9w3R48t9QXQ # Engineering Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3Kk8tvhHkWMMfKBb0q0X9g # Foo the Flowerhorn
https://feeds.utreon.com/c/G460eXSiXC0F84rqsaiSGU/videos.xml "~Forgotten Weapons - Utreon" # Forgotten Weapons Utreon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrfKGpvbEQXcbe68dzXgJuA # Forgotten Weapons
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@FreeStateProject:7 "~Free State Project" # Free State Project
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0RBTQIYLEQbcahZWkmzeTQ # GarandThumb
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXPY1nHXEkajGn3RHOCNZvA # Geytkeypur
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzth5Gn76oZiLQ0EHjc0r-g # Gipnozer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOviJ8lr6PHli_PjCH0a-4g # Goobertown Hobbies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnBDxCjebmuI0jFm9LG78Sw # GothCast Video
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1xredHso_O0RzeYMacGgyg # Green Aqua
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUF8bbxyIgVtk03WqL55VgA # HARD with STYLE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnxk3Mcu5ncKtfDwjvVmNvw # Hard Dance Criminals
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC33ZpfLfGfLx3HPFBXYV2dA # Hardstyle Pianist
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvB3solmhqtgDeLpD-yTtfg # Hickok4
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCL9yfm-6Jbv9OxWi44-Zdw # Hoplopfheil
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuunZEbo3XJFR5q1neQNXnw # Infant Annihilator
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPu3YP9Qgl46UdFrGvyguNw # Iron Cthulhu Apocalypse
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMb0O2CdPBNi-QqPk5T3gsQ # James Hoffman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTzK7U_dwVDle2V6DwhgGIw # jonnie13black
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPzNFlt5v5Uq8lTCFXBak-A # Kit Badger
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOrYZXEHuS0NWbalwhXSZ4A # Kurtosis Metal
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCob_jm6ikyHVKRkgcB7Irrg # Kyle Rittenhouse
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@lawofselfdefense:9 # Law of Self Defense
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0ox9NuTHYeRys63yZpBFuA # Learn Japanese with JapanesePod101.com
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@LibertyDoll:e "~LibertyDoll" # LibertyDoll
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm9K6rby98W8JigLoZOh6FQ # Lockpickinglawer
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@rossmanngroup:a "~Louis Rossmann" # Louis Rossmann
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEVndLRqBDNcZhBdWo5oepg # Master Boot Record
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtDKqH3LBkYrNpYwgfn9nXg # melbourne shuffle kouki
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvLX0T0yck4kEIgcsbi03YA # Mike MiataKing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyDHhBDEBYrYzsjC-nTbQzQ # Mountain, Mullets, Merica!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuYLDxZWv-aal88czKkFvKA # NIGHTRIDE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCM_rcj-Ig5IZN-RElgkbt6g # Nephilim Incorruptus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZGkMJEmCR1IqUduqt1uFUw # Noriyaro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbphE0iYTXVlmDKS3jzp7zA # PansyPatrol
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@paul_Harrell:a # Paul Harrel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtESv1e7ntJaLJYKIO1FoYw # Periodic Videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYVN7EN0ALL6CE4U7NpMUTA # Prime Time Aquatics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA # Primitive Technology
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHkCF8PnvIV4gyV0LbXsQbg # ProTEQ Custom Gear and ProTEQ Firearms Academ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC65YqCYr7JAlZjerwmq55oQ # RAW MONKEY
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@RekietaLaw:a # RekietaLaw
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@seytonic:c "~Seytonic" # Seytonic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDZESjYAwh-ws7ZSZZ8DKeg # skippy62able
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ8YN9u9H_tRTi2LTODoXLg # SpaceAmbient
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNqf6cy5TLNeBV5cF3yKY8A # Taylor Ray
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCn7LyBvG5LEBXK9I4W5dGdA # That Japanese Man Yuta
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJdTUc00woQL4BeYBniKwHQ # The Count
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYyWrpcVU2PZlLohFaYOZUw # The Exploring Series
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCw78vyvmKEqfUHRArDth8-A # The Goth Next Door
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q # The Hated One
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnNlJNSRxa3PF8XrKHOEPug # The Hoax Hotel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY7ZNcVB9S2T5Go9Yjks3Gg # TheCarPassionChannel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYRRzF-_JE0WJpyiTbkBfaw # T-Rex Armory
https://odysee.com/$/rss/@trexarms:9 "~T.REX Arms" # Trex-Arms
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3tRZmTxRX33EnTbZJG4jUw # T-Rex Labs
https://feeds.buzzsprout.com/1304248.rss # trex-podcasts
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaaVGht5pF5DIrrmQJ_oPJA # T-Rex Training
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1T8fWeUFsc7v6-Can111Wg # Wallace Melb shuffler
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3UpGPbOIOG6IaUijyRpp6Q # voces8
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDoJIpPvtEwFvfNXsZvCqKw # Xander Budnick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCekQr9znsk2vWxBo3YiLq2w # You Suck At Cookin
